# Eshop
Installation: 
The main aim of this application is to demonstrate a typical example of an online store which is handled via database, how to request and receive data from a server and how it can become user-friendly with aesthetic features as well. It should be mentioned that in order for users to execute all the attributes of the application the following steps are necessary.  XAMPP Server should be downloaded. Subsequently, Apache and MySQL Modules should also be started via the XAMPP Control Panel v3.2.2.  The folder “eshop” along with all its content should be unzipped into the path            C:->xampp->htdocs path.  A database called “eshopDB” should be created within the XAMPP server. This can be achieved by typing in the browser address bar the word “localhost”, clicking on the button “phpMyAdmin”, clicking on the top-left “New” link, writing the “ehopDB” under the text “Create database” and clicking on the button “Create”. Following this step, the “SQL” section, which is located next to the “Structure” section, should also be clicked. After this step, the full content of the file “eshop_db.sql” should be copied and pasted into the “SQL” section in the XAMPP Server. (Note: The XAMPP Server does not allow to copy or paste via the right click of the mouse, ctrl+c (for copying) and ctrl+v (for pasting) or another userdefined keys should be used instead.) After this step, the bottom-right “Go” button should be clicked. Following this step, the database is ready to be utilised by the application and by typing “localhost/eshop” path the home page of the site should be displayed.
